
DIFFERENCE BETWEEN AGILE AND DEVOPS :

The main difference between Agile and Devops is, devops provide rapid and reliability delivery with continous delivery and continous integration.
DevOps is a practice of bringing development and operations teams together whereas Agile is an iterative approach that focuses on collaboration, customer feedback and small rapid releases.

DIFFERENCE BETWEEN CI, CD and Continuous Deployment :

Continous Integration:

Continuous integration (CI) helps developers merge their code changes back to a shared branch, or “trunk,” more frequently—sometimes even daily. Once a developer’s changes to an application are merged, those changes are validated by automatically building the application and running different levels of automated testing, typically unit and integration tests, to ensure the changes haven’t broken the app. This means testing everything from classes and function to the different modules that comprise the entire app. If automated testing discovers a conflict between new and existing code, CI makes it easier to fix those bugs quickly and often.

Continous Delivery:

In continuous delivery, every stage—from the merger of code changes to the delivery of production-ready builds—involves test automation and code release automation. At the end of that process, the operations team is able to deploy an app to production quickly and easily.


Continuous deployment:

The final stage of a mature CI/CD pipeline is continuous deployment. As an extension of continuous delivery, which automates the release of a production-ready build to a code repository, continuous deployment automates releasing an app to production. Because there is no manual gate at the stage of the pipeline before production, continuous deployment relies heavily on well-designed test automation.

BENEFITS OF CLOUD COMPUTING :

Every architecture have Pros and Cons, same clouding computing also have some benefits as well that are listed below

1 - Flexibility
2 - Mobility 
3 - Quality Control
4 - Disaster Recovery
5 - Sustainability

DIFFERENCE BETWEEN GIT AND GITHUB:

Git is a version control system that lets you manage and keep track of your source code history. GitHub is a cloud-based hosting service that lets you manage Git repositories. If you have open-source projects that use Git, then GitHub is designed to help you better manage them.

Stages of Git :

There are Four stages of GIT

1- Working Directory
2- Staging Area
3- Local Repo
4- Remote Repo
